Chris Alliman MD: Right, this is Dr. Alan, this is April 20 new patient intake for Wendy Romero W e and d i last name are N D r o Date of Birth is
Wendi Romero: 920-819-7020 ok
Chris Alliman MD: Wendy
Wendi Romero: The ID number.
Wendi Romero: On trying
Chris Alliman MD: Hello, Wendy. Can you hear me.
Chris Alliman MD: Hello. Can you hear me.
Chris Alliman MD: Can you. Hello, Wendy, are you able to hear me.
Wendi Romero: Yes, I am.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, very good. Very good. One Dr element. It's good to meet you today.
Wendi Romero: Good to meet you too.
Chris Alliman MD: Alright, I understand we're talking about Suboxone, is that correct
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, sir. Excellent. I don't know anything about you. So tell me your story about why you want to be on Suboxone when things get stuck got started. Tell me what's been going on.
Wendi Romero: Um, well, I guess, a few years back. You know, I had you know some wrecks and stuff. And, um, anyway. And I was on antidepressants and
Wendi Romero: Well, at first I was on some painkillers and
Wendi Romero: And I could never find one that you know would agree with me and then
Wendi Romero: Oh,
Wendi Romero: I can't remember what it was called
Wendi Romero: Oh, it's like a Laura tab or something like that. Anyway, and I got I you know I got kind of hooked on that a little bit in so I had a friend that told me about this a box and program and
Wendi Romero: All the great things that did for her life. And so anyway, I started that way and been on it for about, about how long about four years, five years.
Wendi Romero: Yeah, maybe a little bit longer.
Wendi Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So when, when did you get started taking the lorry tabs or the other short acting opiates.
Wendi Romero: Um, let's see, it was, it was way back and
Chris Alliman MD: What do I say, Give me, give me an idea of
Wendi Romero: Like 10 years
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: And it was because of the car accident.
Wendi Romero: Yeah, oh yeah, it was because of that. And I had a Sciatic Nerve pain from it. I had some discs that were had like seven dish that were messed up in my back. And anyway, so
Wendi Romero: Long story with that.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, okay.
Wendi Romero: And yeah, and I've been, like I said, I've been on Suboxone for well I say about six, seven years. I was on painkillers for about
Wendi Romero: For about, you know, four years prior to that is what I'm trying, I'm trying to I'm trying to remember. Sorry, but yeah.
Wendi Romero: And then, and then I and then I tried to wean myself off of that and and that's when I started doing the antidepressants and they had a precedence. Like I was on so many of them. And I know that sounds awful but I'm
Wendi Romero: I probably feel too much. I don't know, but they just helped it but but actually they were hindering the horribly
Wendi Romero: So my mom and
Wendi Romero: You know my dad day and they actually put me in Mission Messiah. It's a Christian based and
Wendi Romero: Like a program. And so I went there for a year, which it was good and it was fine in and I've just been clean ever since. But yeah, that I did get on the Suboxone program. The minute that I got out of
Wendi Romero: That mission Messiah.
Chris Alliman MD: And that was, that was several years ago.
Wendi Romero: Yes, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, um,
Chris Alliman MD: When was the last time to take Suboxone
Wendi Romero: Well, I mean, I have a doctor. But see, the thing is, is my husband and I, we lost our jobs through the chronis bars and so we're moving back to Santa Fe. We're living in Midland Texas right now and we're moving back to Santa Fe. Now I had, I had a doctor. His name is Dr. Peppermint walla
Wendi Romero: And and i was going to see if you guys could just get all my records from them because I've been an accurate. I mean, I've been going to him for like six months now. And so then, before that I was going to Dr. Leech, which was in Santa Fe, New Mexico. Okay.
Wendi Romero: Or Albuquerque. I'm sorry. And yeah, so. So I have two doctors, you can actually get no records from but I'm still on my soapbox and and I don't want to run out. And so we had to change our insurance and everything. And so that's why we got a doctor to recommend you guys
Wendi Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: MUSIC So when do you move back to New Mexico.
Wendi Romero: Well, I'm in the process of doing that right now.
Yeah.
When does it happen.
Wendi Romero: When does it now, like we're moving like we're leaving today are
Chris Alliman MD: You eating today.
Wendi Romero: Yes, sir.
Wendi Romero: Okay, yeah.
Wendi Romero: Well, yeah. And we've been living there for about 10 days now. And actually, my husband is taken over his dad's company. So anyway, OK.
Chris Alliman MD: OK.
Wendi Romero: We have a lot more
Chris Alliman MD: The reason is because I am only licensed in New Mexico, so I can't prescribe in
Chris Alliman MD: Texas. So sounds like you're all set.
Wendi Romero: So I am
Chris Alliman MD: All right, get out. How much, how, how much Suboxone do you take currently
Wendi Romero: On the wall. I was taken to a day, and that was on that was beyond the safe side because this is my deal. Okay. Dr. Peppermint wallet. He he he allowed me to get
Wendi Romero: I had another well he was a psychologist and I had another psychologists and I didn't want to
Wendi Romero: Interfere with my medicines, but I had Dr line back for Adderall for my for the a DD or ADHD. Okay. And then he also is giving me
Wendi Romero: Klonopin now Dr. Peppermint wallet. You know he he would just tell me like he didn't like the mixture of the
Wendi Romero: Of the Klonopin and the Suboxone. So what happened is I stopped taking the Klonopin
Wendi Romero: Because you know he was telling me the interactions that it could have. And I didn't want that to happen. So
Wendi Romero: I didn't want it to be life threatening or anything so so he allowed me to go to him, but just get the Adderall and also
Wendi Romero: And then he put me on to Suboxone I was on one and like a quarter, like a one or one and a half or whatever. Before that, but when I got off the colonic and he said he'd give me two
Wendi Romero: For that day. Okay, so I have. So I didn't. So I stopped the Klonopin right and so he put me on to. That's what I've been taking
Chris Alliman MD: How long have you been taking too.
Wendi Romero: Old for about two months.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. And that seems to be working out pretty well.
Wendi Romero: Yes, I mean quantity and it's used in such a different way. But I just, I need to get off that because I don't want to take a chance on that happening. Does that make sense so it's working out fine. I guess I mean
Wendi Romero: I would rather do it that way.
Chris Alliman MD: Good. What other medications are you taking currently
Wendi Romero: Well, it's, uh, let's see, for your set
Wendi Romero: For my migraines. Okay, but I don't really take that very often.
Wendi Romero: Lyrica and doc once in a while. Let's see.
Wendi Romero: Um, what else am I taking. Let's see.
Wendi Romero: Oh yeah, the or set at Erica my Adderall and Suboxone
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, any allergies to medications.
dozer
Chris Alliman MD: Any surgeries at any point
Wendi Romero: I know
Wendi Romero: I've gotten back injected, but it's not surgery.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, when
Wendi Romero: Oh. Um, let's see.
Wendi Romero: December.
Wendi Romero: December, November this year.
Wendi Romero: November and December of last year. Yeah, November and December of last year. Yes. Right.
Wendi Romero: A doctor, I think it was Webster in Houston, Texas. Uh huh.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. So as you're making this move. Do you have a psychiatrist or primary care, other people that will be prescribing these other medications for
Wendi Romero: Dr. Lon back he's willing to work with me, you know,
Wendi Romero: Until we get moved down there.
Wendi Romero: Because I'm not. Yeah.
Wendi Romero: I'm not their family knows my family pretty well. So, and they're pretty good friends, but um yeah he um he's willing to work with me with that.
Wendi Romero: So I'm not, I'm not worried about that part and
Wendi Romero: I'm just where I just, I just want to get the sandbox into with
Wendi Romero: Yeah, are just winging it will get the cure.
Wendi Romero: Now you could
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, go ahead.
Wendi Romero: If you can take care of both of those. For me, that would be okay too. But I don't know if you know
Chris Alliman MD: I'll just do
Wendi Romero: A perfect. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Um, how much Suboxone do you have left at this point.
Wendi Romero: I don't. Well, I probably have one or two left. Okay, too.
Wendi Romero: Yeah I know, it's kind of short notice. I know I'm kind of like a little shaky about that too, but
Wendi Romero: We'll get into that.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you smoke tobacco.
Wendi Romero: I'm not very often. I'll have
Wendi Romero: I'll have one once in a while. Yeah, just to be honest.
Chris Alliman MD: What about alcohol you drink alcohol.
Wendi Romero: Now I don't drink.
Chris Alliman MD: Any other drug use marijuana or anything.
Wendi Romero: You a little bit
Wendi Romero: Just, just do this dumb. I mean, and yeah, yeah. Well, we had, you know, what are our sister.
Wendi Romero: And my husband's sister. I had a pin and we just when not I just have to be honest with you.
Wendi Romero: I mean, it was sounds so ridiculous and I tell my husband's like oh my gosh, I have to tell this doctor that because it ends up being in my urine. I don't want to, you know, I don't want any misunderstandings, like, but I don't do it all the time.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, right.
Chris Alliman MD: Good to know. What about family history. Are there any illnesses that run through the family.
No.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, diabetes, high blood pressure, cannon.
Wendi Romero: And no, no, my dad. My dad had some heart problems, he had sense in his heart.
Wendi Romero: Um, but I think that was just from probably high blood pressure, stress, you know, he yeah
Wendi Romero: He was a pretty high strung man. Yes.
Wendi Romero: Very successful though.
Chris Alliman MD: When you were taking the Lord tab. How much were you taking. Did you ever overdose.
Wendi Romero: No, no, no, what I was talking about. I'd say seven to eight. Sometimes a day.
Wendi Romero: I know that sounds so awful. But it's like it was never enough. I never could get like enough relief or but then you know it would hit me and our, our like it wouldn't because I was in pain.
Wendi Romero: And and the weird thing is is
Wendi Romero: Like you know after the mission, you know, Messiah. I mean, it was like I said it was a lot of Bible studies and reading and stuff like that, which was really great. But
Wendi Romero: A lot of it. I felt like was just in my mind, you know and and then and I was just in a lot of oppression.
Wendi Romero: And so i don't i don't think that I was able to really feel the effects of the medication.
Wendi Romero: And I'm so strong willed that I think that I wasn't really thinking it was working. And so I got out. That's why it takes don't meanie and. Um, but yeah, I can't believe I didn't like honestly overdose, honestly. Yeah.
Wendi Romero: I'm very thankful I didn't
Chris Alliman MD: What was your reason for wanting to get off the Lord tab and onto Suboxone
Wendi Romero: Because it was because it was. I knew it was wrong. I mean, I just, you know, it was wrong. I mean, I was, I was always afraid of, like, if I ran out like i would i mean i just i knew too many people to go get from or
Wendi Romero: And there was no way out like there was just no way out. Like, I mean it was right there. Like it was too much of a temptation, where I mean it would even be offered, I would go into doctors, it'd be offered to me, basically. So
Wendi Romero: I just, I mean, I thought it's too easy, and it was to wrong. I mean it was just too wrong, like I just, if I got into a wreck or an accident ended up hurting somebody else. I just was that that would be my life, you know, I just
Wendi Romero: Do it right
Chris Alliman MD: And obviously, you're married and sounds like you're moving from Texas to Santa Fe, is what I heard any work at getting a primary care and Psychiatry's to went up there. So that sounds good. Are there any kids with you.
Wendi Romero: Know that they're graduated, they're gone, they're gone to college. Yay.
Chris Alliman MD: Any grandkids.
Wendi Romero: No, not yet.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. The reason I ask, and this will be for the future. Hopefully it won't be an issue later on. But the residue from Suboxone it gets on your fingers. It's around your mouth. That's in the packet is enough to kill little kids if they like Liggett
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, serious. Yep.
Chris Alliman MD: The overdose on it. So that's why we always send in the nasal spray the narcan nasal spray
Chris Alliman MD: Right, so you'll have that I'm going to send that in. I don't think you'll need it but
Chris Alliman MD: I want you to have that available.
Chris Alliman MD: Now what wash your hands really well. When you're done using the Suboxone rinse out your mouth wash your mouth and the packets get thrown away outside, not in the house.
Wendi Romero: Okay, okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Now again, I know you don't have little kids around and that's fine. This is just information for the
Wendi Romero: What about animals.
Chris Alliman MD: That's a good question. I can't answer that one. I would imagine it's not good for them either.
Wendi Romero: Yeah. Okay. All right. I was just curious because we do have dogs. Okay, good.
Wendi Romero: All right, why
Wendi Romero: Are you in the home sleep.
Wendi Romero: And no well Dr line back when, when was the coronavirus I've been able to see him, and I have to do it over the phone, but
Wendi Romero: It's just a telephone call because I've been. I've been going to him for so long. I talked to his wife and which is the secretary and then I'll be transferred to his aid is
Wendi Romero: His name is Justin, but anyway.
Wendi Romero: Though it's kind of the counseling, they'll ask how I'm doing and
Chris Alliman MD: And
Wendi Romero: What's going on. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So part of our programs. So you're aware, is that we do weekly video chats like this, but with a group. So there's like five to 10 other people that are on Suboxone I'm there and the therapist is there and we have a group meeting once a week.
Wendi Romero: Okay, cool.
Chris Alliman MD: You also had would also have once a week individual meetings with a therapist to do
Chris Alliman MD: Also generally they're
Chris Alliman MD: Two meetings each week that happened by zoom and they're both about an hour long so
Chris Alliman MD: Those are both of those are required by the program. They're not really option.
Wendi Romero: Okay, that's fine.
Wendi Romero: That's good, that's fine.
Chris Alliman MD: We'll get that will talk more about that here at the end.
Wendi Romero: Yeah, because I'd like to know like what
Wendi Romero: What days and what Tom's that's right because I don't want to get. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. So we'll talk about that here.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, no, obviously your husband is a good support a strong support. Are there others in your life that are helpful and supportive
Wendi Romero: Oh yeah, my his health side is is so supportive, they know everything.
Wendi Romero: Yeah, there's no secrets.
Wendi Romero: That's good. Yeah. Yeah. We're all free. We try to be healthy minded.
Wendi Romero: And
Chris Alliman MD: Legal issues for you.
Wendi Romero: No, no, no, no, no, no.
Wendi Romero: I got, I know.
Wendi Romero: Thank God I know I understand, like,
Wendi Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And a little awkward have a question, but was there any were you abused as a child. Oh, no.
Wendi Romero: Oh, no.
Chris Alliman MD: I don't, I didn't think so.
Chris Alliman MD: But again,
Wendi Romero: That's okay, good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, I got a bunch more questions for you. So we're going to keep working through those. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, these are kind of yes or no questions.
Chris Alliman MD: And we're going to think I want you to think back to the time when you were taking the Lord tab.
Chris Alliman MD: This is where we're at with that.
Chris Alliman MD: If you need me to repeat the questions or if you need me to rephrase them. I certainly can.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So when taking the Lord tab, was it taken in larger amounts or over a longer period of time than you intended
Wendi Romero: Okay, ask again.
Wendi Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: When you get i think that i think it's yes but okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you take it longer or take more than you thought you would have to
Wendi Romero: Oh, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, when taking the Lord tab. Was there a persistent desire or unsuccessful efforts to cut down or control its use.
Wendi Romero: Where their desires to cut down
Your
Wendi Romero: Of course,
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Sounds good. Did you have to spend a great deal of time trying to get the Lord tab to use the Lord cat or to recover from the Lord tab.
Wendi Romero: Did it take a lot of time.
Wendi Romero: Mm hmm.
Wendi Romero: We got
Chris Alliman MD: Three things or a strong desire to use the Lord
Wendi Romero: Oh, yeah, yeah.
Wendi Romero: Oh gosh, yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Did the Lord tab use result in failure to fulfill your roles at home, at school or at work.
Wendi Romero: Oh, yeah. Oh, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use the Lord tab, despite having social relationship problems worsened by its use.
Wendi Romero: Mm hmm.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you have to give up important social, occupational or recreational activities because of the Lord tab.
Wendi Romero: That's hard to answer, not, not, not really.
Wendi Romero: Let
It was one that
Chris Alliman MD: Did you continue to use the Lord tab in situations that were physically hazardous like driving
Wendi Romero: While yes yeah I mean yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Have you continue to use this, or did you continue to use despite knowing it could cause physical or psychological problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Did you notice tolerance which would be marked by an need for increasing amounts of Lord tab.
Wendi Romero: Okay, ask the question one more time.
Chris Alliman MD: Right. So there's going to be two questions that are very similar.
Wendi Romero: I know, I know.
Chris Alliman MD: The first one is when taking the Lord tab. Did you notice that to get relief you needed to take more
Wendi Romero: Yes, yes, yes.
Chris Alliman MD: And the second one is, if you continue to take it. Did you notice it didn't quite work as well as it
Chris Alliman MD: Right at that knows
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, yeah. Okay. And then we also talked. Oh, did you feel with drones. Did you ever have withdrawals when you had to go without
Wendi Romero: Oh, yes. Oh yeah, all the time, right.
Chris Alliman MD: Oh right, good. Um, any IV drug use along the way.
Wendi Romero: That like needles. No.
Wendi Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And do you know your hepatitis C status. Did you ever
Wendi Romero: Have blowing up yeah oh yeah I'm clean, I'm good, I'm good. Negative. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, and
Chris Alliman MD: How many
Chris Alliman MD: pregnancies. Did you have
Wendi Romero: To
Chris Alliman MD: Do and kids.
Wendi Romero: And
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. Have you gotten through menopause. At this point, are you still
Wendi Romero: I am well i'm i'm starting to hit there, but every menopausal
Wendi Romero: Yeah, yeah, you're pretty good. That's funny.
Wendi Romero: That's right.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so these next set of questions are just symptoms and we're going to go basically head to toe.
Chris Alliman MD: And we're thinking about just these last two weeks. Okay. So just how you've been doing in these last two weeks. Again, yes or no questions. So in the last two weeks. Have you had any fevers.
Wendi Romero: I know, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any chills.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: In the last two weeks, any night sweats.
Chris Alliman MD: You know, any cold intolerance.
Chris Alliman MD: Nope, any vision changes.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any hearing changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Any nasal congestion.
Wendi Romero: Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any bloody noses.
Wendi Romero: Now, sir,
Chris Alliman MD: Any lip sores.
Chris Alliman MD: Know any neck pain.
Wendi Romero: Know,
Wendi Romero: Any costs. No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: And he shortness of breath.
Wendi Romero: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any chest pain.
Know,
Chris Alliman MD: Any swelling in the ankles.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any stomach pain.
Chris Alliman MD: Any vomiting.
Chris Alliman MD: Know, constipation,
Chris Alliman MD: Now, sir, diarrhea,
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any pain with urination.
Chris Alliman MD: Any blood in the urine.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any change in hair texture.
Chris Alliman MD: Any joint pains.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any back pains.
Wendi Romero: A little bit.
Chris Alliman MD: Muscle cramps.
Wendi Romero: A little bit in my back.
Chris Alliman MD: any difficulty walking
Chris Alliman MD: No, sir. Any headaches.
Wendi Romero: I yes
Chris Alliman MD: Any dizziness.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any lightheadedness,
Chris Alliman MD: any difficulty speaking
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any mood changes.
Chris Alliman MD: Any depression.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Any anxiety.
Wendi Romero: Little
Wendi Romero: Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Sleep disturbances.
Wendi Romero: And no, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Hallucinations
Chris Alliman MD: No, sir, hopelessness.
Wendi Romero: No, sir.
Wendi Romero: worthlessness no
Chris Alliman MD: Suicidal thoughts.
Wendi Romero: No good.
Chris Alliman MD: All right.
Wendi Romero: Thank you for that appreciate. Yes.
Chris Alliman MD: Now for the fun part. We get to do the vitals and the physical exam, which is obviously difficult to do through the computer.
Chris Alliman MD: But I've been watching you, and you've been breathing normally. So I'm going to put a normal respiration rate of 18 down
Chris Alliman MD: What is your, what is your height.
Wendi Romero: Five three
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and what is your way.
Wendi Romero: I'm about 125
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, and we're going to check your pulse. Do you know how to find your posts.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes. Good. So I'm going to, you're going to find your pulse and I'm going to tie in for six seconds you count the number of pulses. And then at the end, when I tell you to stop. You can tell me how many pulses, you got
Wendi Romero: Got it. All right.
Chris Alliman MD: Ready, set, go.
Chris Alliman MD: Stop.
Chris Alliman MD: Very good. So we take times 10 and that gives us a pulse rate of 100
Wendi Romero: Is that great.
Chris Alliman MD: The other thing I need you to do is on camera. Stand up and push on
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, good. Any pain as you push
Chris Alliman MD: Good. All right. Thank you.
Chris Alliman MD: So that's about it for the physical exam, that's about all we can do other than me just watching you.
Chris Alliman MD: All right. So the next step is kind of figuring out what's going to work out for you. First of all, I've got an email listed for you as Wendy Murdoch at GMAIL. COM
Wendi Romero: Yes, sir. Good.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm going to send you some information.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's going to be the information about group times and who to contact and all of that stuff.
Chris Alliman MD: And we're going to work through that now. Okay. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so first the Suboxone you said you were taking the eight tues two films a day.
Wendi Romero: Yes, sir.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, so I'm going to get that sent in
Wendi Romero: Okay, perfect.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm also going to send in the nasal spray the narcan nasal spray
Chris Alliman MD: Go ahead.
Wendi Romero: And what is that, again, if in case
Wendi Romero: In case a kid or child gets a hold of it or any of that.
Chris Alliman MD: In case anybody overdoses. In case anybody if there's a problem for anybody know
Wendi Romero: You can overdose on Suboxone
Wendi Romero: No. Oh, got it. Thanks. So, but a child.
Chris Alliman MD: A child good yes and adult isn't going to, but a child good person, I suppose, if a person has never had. If a person's never used Suboxone or never used opiates in the past.
Chris Alliman MD: Yes, they could overdose on
Wendi Romero: Oh, OK. OK, gotcha.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, no. Part of it is also legal we are required in the state of New Mexico to send in the nasal spray
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: If for some reason you use the nasal spray call 911 also because there's nasal sprays temporary
Wendi Romero: Gotcha, gotcha. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: All right, so we need to figure out a good group time for you.
Wendi Romero: Okay. Yeah, I know.
Chris Alliman MD: Do you have any schedule at this point.
Wendi Romero: Right now I don't
Wendi Romero: Nights are really good for me though.
Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me see. I have a 730 in the evening group on Wednesday.
Wendi Romero: Book
Wendi Romero: It's right there. Yeah, Wednesdays at seven. You said 737 30 on Wednesday, every Wednesday. Right.
Wendi Romero: Yep. Okay.
Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: So the way this works out is that
Chris Alliman MD: It happens on zoom and you have to get the zoom room number
Chris Alliman MD: Oh, we get into the group.
Wendi Romero: Okay, so how do I do that.
Chris Alliman MD: It changes every week. It's never the same. So the way to do it. You know, you called into the virtual clinic today you, same thing.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, into the virtual clinic and they will give you a zoom room number
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha now calling calling the virtual clinic is like going to the doctor's office or calling the doctor's office. There's always online and there's always paperwork to do
Wendi Romero: Okay. Oh, OK.
Chris Alliman MD: So don't wait till five minutes before group to call in, because you're not going to get into group.
Wendi Romero: Wow. So I got a call in like, what, like 30 minutes
Wendi Romero: 30
Chris Alliman MD: Is general yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah, we're getting busier and busier
Chris Alliman MD: So,
Chris Alliman MD: 30 minutes to an hour is a good idea.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, yeah, we can get through that paperwork.
Wendi Romero: And listen, and also want to let you know I haven't, I haven't because I was in another car accident recent like I was actually pronounced dead, but I'm alive, but no. And I have an operation, maybe come in for my eye because I went through the windshield.
Wendi Romero: And mess my eye up and so they might have a an appointment today but there and they may have to reopen it just open it more okay to get some I had to have an outlet or whatever. But so if that happens, it'll be an in and out session. Okay, but I'm going to need like
Wendi Romero: I don't need any pain medicine because it's not hurting. I don't need anything at all. So, but I want to let you know that in case they
Wendi Romero: I don't know what they'll do I don't even know if I'll even take the offer, because it's healing. Anyway, and it's fine, but
Wendi Romero: Just in case something happens like that. I would just want to be honest and let you know what what is happening.
Wendi Romero: Because I have an appointment today.
Wendi Romero: Okay and but and I probably won't
Wendi Romero: Be sent to another plastic surgeon. I probably won't take it. I'm not. I don't think I'm that bang anyway.
So,
Wendi Romero: Yeah, but just to let you know in case
Wendi Romero: I'll be talking to you before I do any of that.
Wendi Romero: So you'll know what's going on. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: That sounds good.
Wendi Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm now in terms of the therapist will have to work that out a little bit but therapist that I work with on Wednesdays is not currently taking new patients. I don't think I'll have to double check with her a little bit. She might be
Chris Alliman MD: We'll see what's happening with that.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay, cool. Um, but yeah, we'll be able to get all of that worked out. No.
Chris Alliman MD: Would see. Today is Monday, you're moving like today or tomorrow. You've got all that going, yeah.
Wendi Romero: Yeah, we'll be there like
Wendi Romero: To not around to, I think,
Wendi Romero: Two in the morning actually celebrate tomorrow.
Chris Alliman MD: Okay. Will, would you be able to attend group on this Wednesday in two days.
Chris Alliman MD: We have the internet and be all set up to do
Wendi Romero: Yeah, well, oh yeah. Well, that sounds good.
Chris Alliman MD: So I'm, I'm going to send you. What we do during the first month is generally to prescriptions each week, you get one from group to go to your therapy appointment. And then when you attend therapy they let me know and I send in another one to get you back to group.
Chris Alliman MD: What we've discovered is that if we don't do this, people don't go to therapy right
Chris Alliman MD: But after the first month as they discover the benefits of therapy, then we're able to space out the prescriptions.
Wendi Romero: I understand.
Chris Alliman MD: Now, generally, our approach is that Suboxone helps out with the symptoms to keep a person from withdrawing right
Chris Alliman MD: But therapy helps with the mental aspect of everything that's going on.
Wendi Romero: And it's very important, very important. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Something else. Once we get you kind of stabilized with our group, and you're you're in this our system and working well. One of the things we can talk about is getting you connected with our pain management person Tracy Jackson.
Chris Alliman MD: You can see her on TED Talks. She did a very good thing on TED Talks. If you choose to look that up.
Wendi Romero: What does it take to Ed.
Wendi Romero: To Me ask you, like, I don't want to be on pain management. I want to be on anything. Yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: And that's what she does, she works with the mind, not, not the medication end of things.
Wendi Romero: Oh, good. Oh, great. I'll do that. I'll do I love to do that.
Chris Alliman MD: I'm going to make a note of that. It'll be a few weeks down the road, but
Chris Alliman MD: I think that would be a good option for you to help
Wendi Romero: Me too. Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah. Good. All right. I think we got it taken care of, does so.
Wendi Romero: It does. It's wonderful.
Chris Alliman MD: Any questions, Wendy.
Chris Alliman MD: And I do have one question I need to check in on. I need to make sure I have your pharmacy that you want me to send this to
Wendi Romero: Um, what about one in this one. It's real. It's real serious road.
Chris Alliman MD: Let me, let me get into your
Chris Alliman MD: chart here and make sure that's what we have.
Wendi Romero: For our
Wendi Romero: Okay. Is it the Walgreens. Yeah.
Wendi Romero: Oh yeah, oh yeah.
Chris Alliman MD: Let's see, we've got Walgreens ON SIRIUS and Santa Fe.
Perfect.
Wendi Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: So it's, it's going to be a little awkward here, you know, because you're not in town. Yet you're coming into town and send in two days of worth of medication. To start off, okay. And so you'll be able to pick that up. When you come into town and then on
Chris Alliman MD: Wednesday evening will be able to talk and get
Chris Alliman MD: Further prescriptions worked out the beginning is always a little awkward and get things set up, but we'll make sure that things keep happening.
Wendi Romero: I appreciate it.
Chris Alliman MD: If there are any questions, if there are any problems if things aren't working out or you just don't understand what's happening, you call the virtual clinic, they're the ones that can help you out. Okay.
Wendi Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Gotcha. You got that phone number, but I'm going to include it in this email that I'm going to send you here in a few minutes.
Wendi Romero: All right. Okay, that's great.
Wendi Romero: Alright, sounds good.
Wendi Romero: I appreciate it.
Chris Alliman MD: You bet. You bet. No. The final thing. Hopefully your husband is very supportive. That's wonderful. It's been good to have
Chris Alliman MD: His input however groups are private
Chris Alliman MD: Just you. Other people don't want their information getting out. You don't want other people here in your information so they
Chris Alliman MD: Can keep right
Wendi Romero: I figured that yeah
Chris Alliman MD: Awesome.
Wendi Romero: I really appreciate that. Yes, that sounds great. And I'll and you'll be my doctor, though, from now on, right.
Chris Alliman MD: Like your face.
Chris Alliman MD: Yeah.
Okay, good.
Wendi Romero: Okay, yeah.
Wendi Romero: I'm real I'm consistent like that. I have a have a pet peeve with. So that's great.
Wendi Romero: Great not
Chris Alliman MD: Very
Wendi Romero: Good today you will
Chris Alliman MD: Have a seat.
Wendi Romero: Thank you. Okay, bye bye
Chris Alliman MD: All right, bye.
Wendi Romero: Okay.
Chris Alliman MD: Right dictating on this patient.
Chris Alliman MD: So I can creation, creation with substance abuse and anxiety, depression symptoms patients. Patients level of stresses moderate that includes economic problems.
Chris Alliman MD: Relationship stressors are mild patient has a strong sense of self and good object relations and appears abstract on an exam patient records history of psychiatric treatment, but not no hospitalizations pregnancies ggp to perimenopausal
Chris Alliman MD: vitals. Your heart rate of 100 respiration 18 height of five feet three inches way to 105 pounds physical exam is normal.
Chris Alliman MD: Assessment and Planning severe opioid use disorder will use the continuation plan of Suboxone eight dash to two films a day for 16 milligrams in a 24 hour period. Tmp for New Mexico was reviewed and shows one prescriber six pharmacies P and P for Texas was not reviewed.
Chris Alliman MD: Right, no patient will join the Wednesday 7:30pm group.
Chris Alliman MD: Will work with virtual clinic to schedule intake bio bio psychosocial and establish therapy.
Chris Alliman MD: NERC and we'll also be sending. All right. Thank you.